Simpler version of Not Visible. (#14871)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/alter-column.md

(10 rows)
~~~

### Set the visibility of a column

> To specify that a column won't be returned when using `*` in a [`SELECT` clause](select-clause.html), set the `NOT VISIBLE` property. You can set the `NOT VISIBLE` property only on individual columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify that a column will not be returned when using `*` in a [`SELECT` clause](select-clause.html), set the `NOT VISIBLE` property. You can set the `NOT VISIBLE` property only on individual columns.
```

For example, the `users` table of the [`movr` database](movr.html) contains the `credit_card` column. If you don't want users to see that column when running `SELECT * FROM users;`, you can hide it as follows:

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
> ALTER TABLE users ALTER COLUMN credit_card SET NOT VISIBLE;
~~~

> When you run `SELECT *`, the column doesn't appear:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `SELECT *`, the column does not appear:
```
